website/class-info.rst, before:

=================
Class Overview
=================

**Instructor**: Luís Pedro Coelho <lpc@cmu.edu>

**Class Number**: TBA

**Meeting Times**: TBA

The class is broken up into three modules: *Programming and Software Carpentry*, *Scientific Programming* and *Applied Topics*. The class is also broken into two sections: a lecture and a lab session. During lecture, we will cover general interest material. Lab session will also have a lecture format. However, it will cover specific technologies and methods.


Syllabus
+++++++++

Programming and Software Carpentry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lecture 1.1: Introduction
-------------------------

Overview of the course, course policies. Some examples of what students should be able to achieve by the end of the course.

Extra Lectures E1 & Lab Session EL1: Introduction to Programming
-----------------------------------------------------------------

This is only for people who don't know programming and will teach you the basics.

Lab Session 1: Introduction to Python
-------------------------------------

What is Python? Basic types and iterations.

Lecture 1.2: Code Organisation I
---------------------------------

This lecture discusses how to organise your code into functions. Also discussed are documentation principles. First notions of object-based code: using classes to organise related functions.

Lab Session 2: More advanced Python
-----------------------------------

How to define a function, module, package, class.

Lecture 1.3: Code Organisation II
---------------------------------

Object oriented code. Polymorphism.

Lab Session 3: Writing classes
------------------------------

The class statement, defining methods. Discussion of the importance of adhering to convention (apropos the self parameter).

Lecture 1.4: Software Carpentry
-------------------------------

Source code management. Unit testing.

Lab Session 4: Advanced Python Examples
---------------------------------------

Writing a class that inherits from another class. Example of a real script.

Scientific Programming
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We focus on both basic issues of scientific computing (floating point representation) and an overview of basic algorithms for scientific tasks (in particular, numerical optimisation).

Lecture 2.1: Integer Representation
-----------------------------------

Binary representation. How integers are represented in memory (positive and negative numbers), integer sizes. Thinking about memory allocation and temporaries.

Lab Session 5: Introduction to numpy
------------------------------------

Using arrays to write code, reductions and broadcasting.

Lecture 2.2:  Floating point
----------------------------

Discussiong of fixed-point vs. floating point. How floating point numbers are represented internally. Ieee numbers, nan's, Infs.

Lab Session 6: Writing fast array-based code 
--------------------------------------------

Lecture 2.3: Floating point II
------------------------------

Problems with floating point. Techniques to overcome under- and over-flow (using logarithms, re-writing expressions).

Lab Session 7: Introduction to other scipy Tools
------------------------------------------------

Lecture 2.4: Optimisation as a programming tool I
-------------------------------------------------

Reformulating your problems as an optimisation problem. Limitations of this approach.

Lab Session 8: OpenOpt
----------------------

Introduction to OpenOpt. Discussion of possible projects.

Homework: Students should submit a project proposal (or choose from the instructor proposed projects).

Lecture 2.5: Optimisation as a programming tool II 
--------------------------------------------------
Newton's method. Gradient descent.

Lab Session 9: Implementation of a numerical algorithm
------------------------------------------------------

Lecture 2.6: Random processes
-----------------------------

Pseudo-random numbers. Issues with stochasticity.

Lab Session 10: Metropolis-Hastings Algorithm
---------------------------------------------

Lecture 2.7: File parsing and regular expressions
-------------------------------------------------
Discussion of file formats, encodings. Basic syntax of regular expressions.

Lab Session 11: Parsing file formats
------------------------------------

Examples of more advanced regular expresssion.

Lecture 2.8: Packaging your code for others
-------------------------------------------

Publishing code is often part of the publication process with benefits for both the community and the author. In this lecture, we focus on the aspects inherent to a good, re-usable, software package

Lab Session 12: setup.py
------------------------

Discussion of open source distribution licenses and models.

Applied Topics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This final section consists of more advanced topics. No homeworks will be assigned as students should be working on their projects. The topics covered in this module is open to change based on student interests.

Lecture 3.1: Graphical User Interfaces
--------------------------------------

Simple design principles behind an effective graphical user interface.

Lab Session 13: PyQT
--------------------

Tools for building a user interface: pyqt.

Lecture 3.2: Databases
----------------------

Organising large quantities of data using a relational database.

Lab Session 14: Databases
-------------------------

How to build a database.

Lecture 3.3: Buffer
-------------------

Buffer time for overflow from other lectures.

Lab Session 15: Multi-Language Programming
------------------------------------------

Tools for interface Python/C/C++/Fortran/R/...

Commit message:

Add a notes page Add a publish target to the Makefile Clarify the syllabus status
git-svn-id: file:///home/luispedro/svnroot/pfs/trunk@53 64f85ac0-3b49-4165-9acd-b83582d67611

website/class-info.rst, after:

=================
Class Overview
=================

**Instructor**: Luís Pedro Coelho <lpc@cmu.edu>

**Class Number**: TBA

**Meeting Times**: TBA

The class is broken up into three modules: *Programming and Software Carpentry*, *Scientific Programming* and *Applied Topics*. The class is also broken into two sections: a lecture and a lab session. During lecture, we will cover general interest material. Lab session will also have a lecture format. However, it will cover specific technologies and methods.


Outline
+++++++

This outline is my current thinking on the course. The general topics are very much fixed upon (except for the last module, which is flexible by-design), but the content of each lecture might still be tweaked.

Programming and Software Carpentry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lecture 1.1: Introduction
-------------------------

Overview of the course, course policies. Some examples of what students should be able to achieve by the end of the course.

Extra Lectures E1 & Lab Session EL1: Introduction to Programming
-----------------------------------------------------------------

This is only for people who don't know programming and will teach you the basics.

Lab Session 1: Introduction to Python
-------------------------------------

What is Python? Basic types and iterations.

Lecture 1.2: Code Organisation I
---------------------------------

This lecture discusses how to organise your code into functions. Also discussed are documentation principles. First notions of object-based code: using classes to organise related functions.

Lab Session 2: More advanced Python
-----------------------------------

How to define a function, module, package, class.

Lecture 1.3: Code Organisation II
---------------------------------

Object oriented code. Polymorphism.

Lab Session 3: Writing classes
------------------------------

The class statement, defining methods. Discussion of the importance of adhering to convention (apropos the self parameter).

Lecture 1.4: Software Carpentry
-------------------------------

Source code management. Unit testing.

Lab Session 4: Advanced Python Examples
---------------------------------------

Writing a class that inherits from another class. Example of a real script.

Scientific Programming
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We focus on both basic issues of scientific computing (floating point representation) and an overview of basic algorithms for scientific tasks (in particular, numerical optimisation).

Lecture 2.1: Integer Representation
-----------------------------------

Binary representation. How integers are represented in memory (positive and negative numbers), integer sizes. Thinking about memory allocation and temporaries.

Lab Session 5: Introduction to numpy
------------------------------------

Using arrays to write code, reductions and broadcasting.

Lecture 2.2:  Floating point
----------------------------

Discussiong of fixed-point vs. floating point. How floating point numbers are represented internally. Ieee numbers, nan's, Infs.

Lab Session 6: Writing fast array-based code 
--------------------------------------------

Lecture 2.3: Floating point II
------------------------------

Problems with floating point. Techniques to overcome under- and over-flow (using logarithms, re-writing expressions).

Lab Session 7: Introduction to other scipy Tools
------------------------------------------------

Lecture 2.4: Optimisation as a programming tool I
-------------------------------------------------

Reformulating your problems as an optimisation problem. Limitations of this approach.

Lab Session 8: OpenOpt
----------------------

Introduction to OpenOpt. Discussion of possible projects.

Homework: Students should submit a project proposal (or choose from the instructor proposed projects).

Lecture 2.5: Optimisation as a programming tool II 
--------------------------------------------------
Newton's method. Gradient descent.

Lab Session 9: Implementation of a numerical algorithm
------------------------------------------------------

Lecture 2.6: Random processes
-----------------------------

Pseudo-random numbers. Issues with stochasticity.

Lab Session 10: Metropolis-Hastings Algorithm
---------------------------------------------

Lecture 2.7: File parsing and regular expressions
-------------------------------------------------
Discussion of file formats, encodings. Basic syntax of regular expressions.

Lab Session 11: Parsing file formats
------------------------------------

Examples of more advanced regular expresssion.

Lecture 2.8: Packaging your code for others
-------------------------------------------

Publishing code is often part of the publication process with benefits for both the community and the author. In this lecture, we focus on the aspects inherent to a good, re-usable, software package

Lab Session 12: setup.py
------------------------

Discussion of open source distribution licenses and models.

Applied Topics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This final section consists of more advanced topics. No homeworks will be assigned as students should be working on their projects. The topics covered in this module is open to change based on student interests.

Lecture 3.1: Graphical User Interfaces
--------------------------------------

Simple design principles behind an effective graphical user interface.

Lab Session 13: PyQT
--------------------

Tools for building a user interface: pyqt.

Lecture 3.2: Databases
----------------------

Organising large quantities of data using a relational database.

Lab Session 14: Databases
-------------------------

How to build a database.

Lecture 3.3: Buffer
-------------------

Buffer time for overflow from other lectures.

Lab Session 15: Multi-Language Programming
------------------------------------------

Tools for interface Python/C/C++/Fortran/R/...
