website/slides.rst, before:

===============
Lecture Slides
===============

These are the slides as delivered, except for the occasional fixed typo.

1. `Lecture 1`_: Introduction.
2. `Tutorial Session`_: Introduction to Programming.
3. `Lecture 2`_: Introduction to Python.
4. `Lecture 3`_: Object-Oriented Programming.
5. `Lecture 4`_: Python Odds & Ends.
6. `Lecture 5`_: Python Odds & Ends (II) & Error Handling.
7. `Lecture 6`_: Python Review
8. `Lecture 7`_: Software Carpentry I: The shell
9. `Lecture 8`_: Software Carpentry II: Version Control
10. `Lecture 9`_: Software Carpentry III: Defensive Programming & Testing
11. `Lecture 10`_: Software Carpentry IV: Profiling & Debugging
12. `Lecture 11`_: Numerical Representations
13. `Lecture 12`_: Numpy
14. `Lecture 13`_: Function Minimisation
15. `Lecture 14`_: Misc & Projects
16. `Lecture 15`_: Open Source
17. `Lecture 16`_: Workshop (project)
18. `Lecture 17`_: File Parsing
19. `Lecture 18`_: Basic File Formats
20. `Lecture 19`_: Metropolis-Hastings
21. `Lecture 20`_: Software Engineering
22. `Lecture 21`_: Databases I
23. `Lecture 22`_: Databases II
24. `Lecture 23`_: GUI Programming
25. `Lecture 24`_: GUI Programming II
26. `Lecture 25`_: Review
27. `Lecture 28`_: Interfacing Other Languages


.. _`Lecture 1`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/01-intro.pdf
.. _`Tutorial Session`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/E1-introprogramming.pdf
.. _`Lecture 2`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/01L-python-intro.pdf
.. _`Lecture 3`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/02-oop.pdf
.. _`Lecture 4`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/02L-python-odds-ends.pdf
.. _`Lecture 5`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/03-odds-ii-errors.pdf
.. _`Lecture 6`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/03L-python-review.pdf
.. _`Lecture 7`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/04-softwarecarpentry.pdf
.. _`Lecture 8`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/04L-softwarecarpentry-ii.pdf
.. _`Lecture 9`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/05-softwarecarpentry-iii.pdf
.. _`Lecture 10`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/05L-softwarecarpentry-iv.pdf
.. _`Lecture 11`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/06-numerical.pdf
.. _`Lecture 12`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/06L-numpy.pdf
.. _`Lecture 13`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/07-optimisation.pdf
.. _`Lecture 14`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/07L-misc-project.pdf
.. _`Lecture 15`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/08-open-source.pdf
.. _`Lecture 16`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/08L-workshop.pdf
.. _`Lecture 17`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/09-fileparsing.pdf
.. _`Lecture 18`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/09L-fileformats.pdf
.. _`Lecture 19`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/10-metropolis-hastings.pdf
.. _`Lecture 20`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/10L-software-engineering.pdf
.. _`Lecture 21`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/11-databases.pdf
.. _`Lecture 22`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/11-databases-ii.pdf
.. _`Lecture 23`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/12-gui.pdf
.. _`Lecture 24`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/12L-gui-ii.pdf
.. _`Lecture 25`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/13-review.pdf
.. _`Lecture 28`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/15-other-languages.pdf

If you'd like the LaTeX source for the above slides, email me (it's all available under `CC-By-Nc-SA`_). At the end of the semester, I'll make the whole project available. For the time being, it's easier not to have to keep it all in sync.

.. _`CC-By-Nc-SA`: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us/

Commit message:

TXT Add link to github

website/slides.rst, after:

===============
Lecture Slides
===============

These are the slides as delivered, except for the occasional fixed typo.

1. `Lecture 1`_: Introduction.
2. `Tutorial Session`_: Introduction to Programming.
3. `Lecture 2`_: Introduction to Python.
4. `Lecture 3`_: Object-Oriented Programming.
5. `Lecture 4`_: Python Odds & Ends.
6. `Lecture 5`_: Python Odds & Ends (II) & Error Handling.
7. `Lecture 6`_: Python Review
8. `Lecture 7`_: Software Carpentry I: The shell
9. `Lecture 8`_: Software Carpentry II: Version Control
10. `Lecture 9`_: Software Carpentry III: Defensive Programming & Testing
11. `Lecture 10`_: Software Carpentry IV: Profiling & Debugging
12. `Lecture 11`_: Numerical Representations
13. `Lecture 12`_: Numpy
14. `Lecture 13`_: Function Minimisation
15. `Lecture 14`_: Misc & Projects
16. `Lecture 15`_: Open Source
17. `Lecture 16`_: Workshop (project)
18. `Lecture 17`_: File Parsing
19. `Lecture 18`_: Basic File Formats
20. `Lecture 19`_: Metropolis-Hastings
21. `Lecture 20`_: Software Engineering
22. `Lecture 21`_: Databases I
23. `Lecture 22`_: Databases II
24. `Lecture 23`_: GUI Programming
25. `Lecture 24`_: GUI Programming II
26. `Lecture 25`_: Review
27. `Lecture 28`_: Interfacing Other Languages


.. _`Lecture 1`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/01-intro.pdf
.. _`Tutorial Session`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/E1-introprogramming.pdf
.. _`Lecture 2`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/01L-python-intro.pdf
.. _`Lecture 3`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/02-oop.pdf
.. _`Lecture 4`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/02L-python-odds-ends.pdf
.. _`Lecture 5`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/03-odds-ii-errors.pdf
.. _`Lecture 6`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/03L-python-review.pdf
.. _`Lecture 7`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/04-softwarecarpentry.pdf
.. _`Lecture 8`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/04L-softwarecarpentry-ii.pdf
.. _`Lecture 9`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/05-softwarecarpentry-iii.pdf
.. _`Lecture 10`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/05L-softwarecarpentry-iv.pdf
.. _`Lecture 11`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/06-numerical.pdf
.. _`Lecture 12`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/06L-numpy.pdf
.. _`Lecture 13`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/07-optimisation.pdf
.. _`Lecture 14`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/07L-misc-project.pdf
.. _`Lecture 15`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/08-open-source.pdf
.. _`Lecture 16`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/08L-workshop.pdf
.. _`Lecture 17`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/09-fileparsing.pdf
.. _`Lecture 18`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/09L-fileformats.pdf
.. _`Lecture 19`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/10-metropolis-hastings.pdf
.. _`Lecture 20`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/10L-software-engineering.pdf
.. _`Lecture 21`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/11-databases.pdf
.. _`Lecture 22`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/11-databases-ii.pdf
.. _`Lecture 23`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/12-gui.pdf
.. _`Lecture 24`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/12L-gui-ii.pdf
.. _`Lecture 25`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/13-review.pdf
.. _`Lecture 28`: http://luispedro.org/pfs/lecture-slides/15-other-languages.pdf

The source code for these slides is available under `CC-By-Nc-SA`_ on
`Github <http://github.com/luispedro/Programming-for-Scientists>`__.

.. _`CC-By-Nc-SA`: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us/
